Add documentation for new WAITAOF command, and update commands.json (#2359)
redis/redis-doc: commands/waitaof.md

4. Since `WAITAOF` returns the number of fsyncs completed both in case of success and timeout, the client should check that the returned values are equal or greater than the persistence level required.
5. `WAITAOF` cannot be used on replica instances, and the `numlocal` argument cannot be non-zero if the local Redis does not have AOF enabled.

Limitations
---
It is possible to write a module or Lua script that propagate writes to the AOF but not the replication stream.

> (For modules, this is done using the `fmt` argument to `RedisModule_Call`, `RedisModule_Replicate`, or `RedisModule_EmitAOF`; For Lua scripts, this is achieved using `redis.set_repl`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For modules, this is done using `R` in the `fmt` argument to `RedisModule_Call`, `RedisModule_Replicate`; For Lua scripts, this is achieved using `redis.set_repl`.)
```

RedisModule_EmitAOF is used during AOFRW, i think it's unrelated to this.
